In this homework you should recreate the work from HW3 but use virtual machines instead of cloud functions
For your first service write a web server in python that can accept HTTP GET requests from web clients.  The service  should be able to respond to requests for the files in your bucket that you created in homework 2 and return the contents of the requested file along with a 200-OK status.  You should run this webserver on a VM instance for which you have configured a static IP address.  You should start this web server automatically upon VM creation. Make sure your VM runs as a special service account that has only the necessary privileges and nothing more.
Requests for non-existent files should return a 404-not found status.  Such erroneous requests should be logged to cloud logging, with severity WARNING.
Requests for other HTTP methods (PUT, POST, DELETE, HEAD, CONNECT, OPTIONS, TRACE, PATCH) should return a 501-not implemented status.  Such erroneous requests should be logged to cloud logging, with severity WARNING.
Demonstrate the functionality of your app by using the provided http client to request 100  of your cloud storage files.  Run your http client on another VM, different from the one using the server.
Use the curl command line utility to demonstrate the functionality of your app with respect to the 404 and 501 use cases
Use a browser to demonstrate one request for each of the aforementioned response status cases.
Use your previously created second service to track requests from banned countries.  The US defines a list of countries (North Korea, Iran, Cuba, Myanmar, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Zimbabwe and Syria) to which export of sensitive cryptographic material is prohibited.  We will pretend that files stored in your storage bucket contain such materials.  The first service should log those errors into cloud logging with severity critical, and communicate such “forbidden” requests to the second app which should print an appropriate error message to its standard output.  Your second service must run on a 3rd VM instance and be automatically started upon VM creation.
Start your python web server on the smallest VM possible and use more than one instance of your client to stress test it.  After how many concurrent clients does it start returning errors due to being unable to serve the requests (ignore the 400 (permission denied) errors as those do not indicate inability to serve requests).  Be careful when you set up this stress test to avoid spending too much money!  Report how much money you spent running it.  Do NOT start more than 4 concurrent clients. If you can not saturate your webserver using 4 clients, report its  peak resource usage (CPU, memory, bandwidth) over a 3 minute period.
Write a script that can create the VMs for the web server and the forbidden country reporting service and automatically start the corresponding programs on them in a single command and explain how to invoke this script (including setting your project id, service accounts, permissions etc.)

What to turn in:
The python code for your first and second services and your startup script as a github link
A pdf file describing all the necessary steps to configure and run your apps, including screenshots of your browser work from step #6, and the contents of cloud logging for the erroneous requests.  Also a description of your findings when stress testing your server.
In your report include the resource usage of your webserver when serving 1, 2, 3 or 4 concurrent clients in the form of a performance graph.  Explain how CPU, memory and bandwidth usage scales as you increase the number of clients and why.
